gamemaster/regions/attercop-woods.md, before:

# Attercop Woods

> __Behind the Name__: Attercop is Old English for spider. Literally poison-head where atter means poison and cop means head.

The Attercop Woods is a wooded area just to the north of the [Damhalba Woods](damhalba-woods) and south of [The Vale](the-vale). It is a mundane forest with game and the occasional predator. But, it's proximity to the unseelie fey to the south has resulted in an unusually large amount of vermin, particularly giant spiders and centipedes, and more supernatural beasts such as phase spiders, blights, and displacer beasts as one heads south. Hunters who come to this area stick to the northern edges as there is more game and less danger.

| d12 + d8   | Encounter                                                         |
|------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 2 (1.04%)  | troll (CR 5)                                                      |
| 3 (2.08%)  | 1d3 displacer beasts (CR 3)                                       |
| 4 (3.13%)  | owlbear (CR 3)                                                    |
| 5 (4.17%)  | giant constrictor snakes (CR 2)                                   |
| 6 (5.21%)  | 1d3 giant poisonous snames (CR ¼)                                 |
| 7 (6.25%)  | 50% - 1d12 poisonous snakes (CR ⅛)                                |
|            | 50% - 1d8 constrictor snakes (CR ¼)                               |
| 8 (7.29%)  | 1d6 giant centipedes (CR ¼)                                       |
| 9 (8.33%)  | 50% - 1 brown bear (CR 1)                                         |
|            | 50% - 1d3 black bears (CR ½)                                      |
| 10 (8.33%) | 1 panther (CR ¼)                                                  |
| 11 (8.33%) | 50% - 1d6 deer (CR 0)                                             |
|            | 50% - 1d4 elk (CR ¼)                                              |
| 12 (8.33%) | 1d4 boar (CR ¼)                                                   |
| 13 (8.33%) | 3d6 giant rats (CR ⅛)                                             |
| 14 (7.29%) | 50% - 1d4 giant wolf spiders (CR ¼)                               |
|            | 50% - 1d3 giant spiders (CR 1)                                    |
| 15 (6.25%) | 50% - 3d8 twig blights (CR ⅛)                                     |
|            | 30% - 3d6 needle blights (CR ¼)                                   |
|            | 20% - 3d4 vine blights (CR ½)                                     |
| 16 (5.21%) | awakened tree (CR 2)                                              |
| 17 (4.17%) | grick (CR 2)                                                      |
| 18 (3.13%) | phase spider (CR 3)                                               |
| 19 (2.08%) | ettercap (CR 2) and 2d4 giant spiders (CR 1)                      |
| 20 (1.04%) | shambling mound (CR 5)                                            |

Commit message:

wordsmithing Attercop, added random encounter details.

gamemaster/regions/attercop-woods.md, after:

# Attercop Woods

> __Behind the Name__: Attercop is Old English for spider. Literally poison-head where atter means poison and cop means head.

The Attercop Woods is a wooded area just to the north of the [Damhalba Woods](damhalba-woods) and south of [The Vale](the-vale). It is a mundane forest with game and the occasional predator. But, it's proximity to the unseelie fey to the south has resulted in an unusually large amount of vermin as one heads south, particularly giant spiders and centipedes, and more supernatural beasts such as phase spiders, blights, and displacer beasts. Hunters who come to this area stick to the northern edges as there is more game and less danger.

## Random Encounters

In the northern portion of the woods, check for encounters every 8 hours. In the southern portion, check every 4 hours.

| d12 + d8   | Encounter                                                         |
|------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 2 (1.04%)  | troll (CR 5)                                                      |
| 3 (2.08%)  | 1d3 displacer beasts (CR 3)                                       |
| 4 (3.13%)  | owlbear (CR 3)                                                    |
| 5 (4.17%)  | giant constrictor snakes (CR 2)                                   |
| 6 (5.21%)  | 1d3 giant poisonous snames (CR ¼)                                 |
| 7 (6.25%)  | 50% - 1d12 poisonous snakes (CR ⅛)                                |
|            | 50% - 1d8 constrictor snakes (CR ¼)                               |
| 8 (7.29%)  | 1d6 giant centipedes (CR ¼)                                       |
| 9 (8.33%)  | 50% - 1 brown bear (CR 1)                                         |
|            | 50% - 1d3 black bears (CR ½)                                      |
| 10 (8.33%) | 1 panther (CR ¼)                                                  |
| 11 (8.33%) | 50% - 1d6 deer (CR 0)                                             |
|            | 50% - 1d4 elk (CR ¼)                                              |
| 12 (8.33%) | 1d4 boar (CR ¼)                                                   |
| 13 (8.33%) | 3d6 giant rats (CR ⅛)                                             |
| 14 (7.29%) | 50% - 1d4 giant wolf spiders (CR ¼)                               |
|            | 50% - 1d3 giant spiders (CR 1)                                    |
| 15 (6.25%) | 50% - 3d8 twig blights (CR ⅛)                                     |
|            | 30% - 3d6 needle blights (CR ¼)                                   |
|            | 20% - 3d4 vine blights (CR ½)                                     |
| 16 (5.21%) | awakened tree (CR 2)                                              |
| 17 (4.17%) | grick (CR 2)                                                      |
| 18 (3.13%) | phase spider (CR 3)                                               |
| 19 (2.08%) | ettercap (CR 2) and 2d4 giant spiders (CR 1)                      |
| 20 (1.04%) | shambling mound (CR 5)                                            |
